# Candis Bynum Self Portrait

As an artist, I like different forms of art. Forms that can express many different emotions and moods. Forms such as Graffiti, Doodles, Animation, Photography, Film Making, and more. I love these styles of art because each has a different design. Animation, Photography, and Film Making is designed for entertainment. Graffiti and Doodling is great for creating artwork without boundaries and crafting different characters. I created an abstract portrait by utilizing simple bold shapes. I used Ellipses and semi-circles to create the overall image. I use Ellipses to create my face, eyes, earring, and my hair. I used semi-circles to create my ear and the front of my hair. I apply variables to create different tones for my skin and ear. For my project, I have decided to do a profile view of myself showcasing prominent features of me and my personality. The prominent features are my natural hair, my jewelry, and my eyes. Those three characteristics showcase my personality in various ways. My hair shows the natural and laid-back quality of myself, I am very easy going, mellow and relaxed. My jewelry demonstrates the priceless side of myself; I don’t typically look at prices when buying things for myself or others. I like to give and make others happy and I am grateful to be able to give to others.  My eyes show my emotional side, I have been told that I usually have a scowl in my eyes that is completely unintentional whenever I am walking anywhere. I also show my vulnerability through my eyes. As a person, I am very quiet because I don’t typically like to hold conversations with others, I would prefer to stay out of the spotlight.  I chose to make the background Red because the meaning behind the color is what I feel I contain within myself. Red means to have passion, love, strength, power, energy, and anger. This abstract portrait portrays how I view myself to others. 